docs: try-catch: reformulate (#13614)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/statements/try...catch/index.md

{{jsSidebar("Statements")}}

The **`try...catch`** statement marks a block of statements to

> try and block of statements to catch an exception if throw.

Reviewer: I agree that this sentence could be clearer but I'm not sure this particular wording is what we want. How do you feel about:

```suggestion
> The **`try...catch`** statement marks a `try` block and a `catch` block. If the code in the `try` block throws an exception then the code in the `catch` block will be executed.
```

Author: That’s much better!

Reviewer: Oops, sorry, that suggestion is broken. We need to replace the whole opening paragraph with:

```
The **`try...catch`** statement marks a `try` block and a `catch` block. If the code in the `try` block throws an exception, then the code in the `catch` block will be executed.
```
